---
created: 2022-07-15
title: boredom
aliases:
poem_number:
  - EN#066
tags:
  - poetry
  - language/english
  - poetry/type/free-verse
  - poetry/rhymed/🔴
  - poetry/rating/⭐
  - existential
  - disappointing-reality
  - despair
  - frustration
image:
music:
notes:
cssclasses:
  - poetry
---
# 「boredom」 `EN#066`

---

> 15/07/22
> 
> #poetry 
> #language/english 
> #poetry/type/free-verse 
> #poetry/rhymed/🔴 
> #poetry/rating/⭐ 
> #existential #disappointing-reality #despair #frustration 

---

in this poem you'll find a hidden message
it's easy to notice but hard to decipher so keep your eyes out

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wIth so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around uS
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you stIll haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wiTh so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

bOredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do yoU come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much aRound us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where Do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, borEdom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you Still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunT us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wIth so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much arouNd us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do You come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wiTh so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do yOu still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

Boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you comE from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, Boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with sO much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
wheRe do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

borEdom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boreDom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come From?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you cOme from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boRedom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
whEre do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you sTill haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you comE from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much aRound us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still hauNt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wIth so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
wiTh so much around us
how do you still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do You still haunt us?

boredom, boredom
where do you come from?
with so much around us
how do you still haunt us?